Please refer to the README files from the original branch by vekkt0r and
the branch with the alt/super key remapping by NSHenry for more info.

This fork started with the `patch.py` file from NSHenry's fork, because
I wanted the alt and super keys switched, but it also has the right
control key switched with the fn key, and the fn key remapped to the
menu key. The menu key is virtually useless, but it is at least able to
be remapped, to an ersatz hyper key on macOS, and a more genuine hyper
key on OSs which use X. For some examples of how to configure a hyper
key, see the following:

https://protesilaos.com/codelog/2019-10-10-debian-xmodmap/

https://brettterpstra.com/2017/06/15/a-hyper-key-with-karabiner-elements-full-instructions/

Note that this remapping removes the fn key, which disables the fn-F1-F4
key combination to enter BSL mode. This means you will be required to
use the physical method of entering BSL mode if you want to flash your
Novatouch again, if you flash it with this patched firmware.

I found that the original `Vagrantfile` did not produce a VM that had
working BSL flash support right away, due to (I think) missing `rawhid`
drivers in the version of the Linux kernel used by default in the
version of Ubuntu the VM is based on. To address this, I have modified
the Vagrantfile to specify an older kernel version. This does not cause
the VM to work immediately though, and in order to get BSL flashing to
work, you are required to do `vagrant reload` after doing the initial
`vagrant up` to load the right version of the kernel. I also had to open
the VM in VirtualBox after doing `vagrant reload` and press `s` to get
it to skip Ubuntu's attempts to automatically remount the shared
`novatouch` directory. Vagrant itself should mount the directory as
expected after Ubuntu finishes rebooting, and at that point all the
tools necessary for doing a BSL flash over USB should work.
